# simuworld biweekly 001

## Thinking

Recently, I didn't have a good inspiration for how to simulate the world. I thought about the difference between the simulated world and Minecraft that this project hopes to accomplish. The core of Minecraft's game is actually the player, who stops running if there is no player in the whole world. The world only starts running when the player enters the game. If there are many players in the game, the exit of one player does not stop the whole world. Simply put, the player gives the world "life", without the player there is no game world. This is also a common feature of today's games. But the world formed by simuworld should not be like this. If you want to simulate the world, then you can't let the player give life. Simuworld should be able to run away from the player.

How to interpret the world? The purpose of simuworld is to simulate a self-running world. So what is the world? The definition of the world in reality is actually different in different contexts. It may be the natural world, it may be a human society, it may be a spiritual world. Different definitions of the world will create different worlds. The goal that simuworld hopes to achieve is to simulate the real world, the real world. If the real world of this simulation is born, it is naturally best to be born in the world that originated from it. However, in the initial simulation world, you can consider simulating a specific world first. For example, simulating a mathematical geometric world, or defining a basic set of rules to derive a simple rule world. In short, the definition of the world will affect the formation of the world. Although I finally hope to simulate a world like the real world, I can initially simulate some simple specific worlds.

The basic composition of the world should be the rules. In the last weekly report, there were two directions in mind when it came to forming the foundation of the world. One is a physical simulation based on natural sciences, and the other is a meaning simulation based on naive philosophy. Physical Simulation Because in reality, humans do not understand what the world is, so they cannot be simulated in essence. The world simulated by the meaning simulation will become a mythical world. But now it turns out that physical simulation and meaning simulation are essentially different rules, and they are essentially following the rules. And the rules may not be in line with the rules of the physical world at the outset. In this case, the choice of the basic composition of the world can be more extensive. More imaginative.

## Technology

Blockchain technology may serve as a vehicle for project operations. One way for the simuworld project to work is that interested people can use their own computers to run their hosts. The centralization potential of blockchain technology can bring together everyone's computers. The development of blockchain technology has now grown well, such as the cosmos SDK, which allows people to quickly implement blockchain based on their components. It may be a good idea to use its technology to build a distributed application to host simuworld.